I've always got a lot more to do
than I have time do not
necessarily just work that has
to be done the things i want to
see things i want to learn about
yeah
didn't find any caribou out
there but I was lucky enough to
get a porcupine of eating
muskrats of eat squirrels but
i'm going to eat a rodent
there's nothing better than a
porcupine because of this five
that's hard to come by a lot of
animals out here really lean but
this porcupine as you can see
he's got a good layer of fat on
fat has more calories than
protein or carbohydrates and you
need a lot of calories stay warm
takes energy that's why
porcupine is a special food for
me out here
look at that I got front like I
got a back leg and plenty of
that to go with that knee
that's some home for dinner
tonight porcupine everybody has
to decide how they want to live
where they want to get this
close that's just what I choose
to do it because I enjoy it
enjoy living out here enjoy the
lifestyle feel more connected to
my surroundings
I don't think this is for
everybody but I think
unfortunately there are a lot of
people aren't doing what they
love to do and that's too bad
let life go by not do what you
really want to do if you really
want to do something to get out
and do it
this is what I want to do so
this is what I did
I bet it's just about done
oh yeah that looks delicious
look at that porcupine em that's
not good
look at that full moon tonight
to eat out right mostly moves
and then caribou comes next but
once a while I come across
something like a porcupine get a
little variety that porcupine
site is good stuff
hmm that's the best part right
there it is a little spruce see
he's been feeding on spruce bark
lately
connect me the forest around
here it tastes a little bit like
the area